# Diamond-Polki-Jewellery-An-introduction-to-one-of-the-most-popular-jewellery-forms
Diamond Polki jewellery is a work of art in and of itself. It is the personification of beauty. Polki jewellery is made using unfinished natural diamonds, which few people are aware of. Polki, to be precise, is an uncut diamond that is organically mined from the earth. The diamonds used to create unique Polki jewellery art pieces are likewise unaltered. The polki jewellery sets from La Solitaire are still a favourite and take the top rank in the jewellery category. Polki is in high demand, especially among prospective brides, because it is essentially raw and relatively untreated diamonds. What is Diamond Polki Jewellery? Polki diamonds are one of the most antique diamond cuts. They were developed in India long before Western diamond cutting techniques were brought to the country. Polki diamonds keep their raw form and have a gleaming, un-faceted surface. Polkis are often used in traditional Indian jewellery designs, primarily for weddings. We at La Solitaire are also adapting this classic style to our everyday polki jewellery sets and not only sticking to bridal jewellery pieces. What Makes Diamond Polki Jewellery Unique? Because the diamonds are cut to match the rough stone, no two polka diamonds are the same. This gives the piece of jewellery a particular look and this is the major reason why Diamond Polki jewellery makes superb ancestral jewellery that can be proudly passed down from generation to generation. Polki diamonds are also attractive to most ladies since they are incredibly flattering. When compared to the brightness of modern diamond cuts, the light they emit is much softer, giving you a royal, modest charm. Diamond Polki Jewellery: How Is It Made? Diamond Polki jewellery is constructed with a gold foil that has been coated on the reverse to hold the diamonds in place. The uncut diamonds reflect light, making your outfit glitter. Diamond Polki jewellery is a very delicate craft that takes a lot of concentration and a steady hand. An individual Diamond Polki jewellery piece can take a few days to make, depending on its complexity. The Diamond Polki Jewellery Collection at La Solitaire Traditional elements are combined with different kinds of motifs in our designs. Our Diamond Polki jewellery range is made while keeping in mind the artistically pleasing designs. Some of them are: A handmade iridescent diamond polki emerald necklace set with emeralds and polkis in yellow gold. This polki jewellery is a must-have for any ethnic or Indo-western ensemble. The inclusion of uncut diamonds in between the layers of emerald gives this necklace set a wonderfully regal feel. Nothing is more beautiful and appropriate for a full look than this polki diamond jewellery set. Pearls, emeralds, and uncut diamonds are used to create this beautiful item. This exquisite polki diamond jewellery set will complement your gown. Do you agree that this diamond polki necklace set is incredible? The way the polki is decorated with uncut diamonds adds a contemporary yet classic touch to our polki jewellery. It gives the necklace and the earrings a more natural appearance. CONCLUSION: Diamond Polki jewellery is in high demand since it is delicately created and custom-made to complement your appearance. Our seasoned and professional designers painstakingly recreate this artistry to provide you with the perfect gem piece that you can proudly hand down to the next generation. Reach out to us to buy your very own diamond polki jewellery set now.
